Fix documentation for Secret Stores query parameters. (#3593)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/api/secrets_api.md

#### Query Parameters

> Some secret stores have support for **optional** per-request metadata properties. Use query parameters to provide those properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some secret stores support **optional**, per-request metadata properties. Use query parameters to provide those properties. For example:
```

```
GET http://localhost:<daprPort>/v1.0/secrets/<secret-store-name>/<name>?metadata.version_id=15
```

> Observe that not all secret stores support the same set of parameters. For instance, both Hashicorp Vault, GCP Secret Manager and AWS Secret Manager support the `version_id` parameter, but only AWS Secret Manager supports the `version_stage` parameter and only Kubernetes Secrets supports the `namespace` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Observe that not all secret stores support the same set of parameters. For example:
- Hashicorp Vault, GCP Secret Manager, and AWS Secret Manager support the `version_id` parameter
- Only AWS Secret Manager supports the `version_stage` parameter 
- Only Kubernetes Secrets supports the `namespace` parameter
```

> Check each secret store's documentation for the list of supported parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check each [secret store's documentation]({{< ref supported-secret-stores.md >}}) for the list of supported parameters.
```

#### Query Parameters

Some secret stores have support for **optional** per-request metadata properties. Use query parameters to provide those properties:

```
GET http://localhost:<daprPort>/v1.0/secrets/<secret-store-name>/<name>?metadata.version_id=15
```

Observe that not all secret stores support the same set of parameters. For instance, both Hashicorp Vault, GCP Secret Manager and AWS Secret Manager support the `version_id` parameter, but only AWS Secret Manager supports the `version_stage` parameter and only Kubernetes Secrets supports the `namespace` parameter.
Check each secret store's documentation for the list of supported parameters.

> TBD it makes no sense to have this data here in a non-authoritative way. It should be in the component reference.

Author: ```suggestion
```

#### Query Parameters

Some secret stores support **optional**, per-request metadata properties. Use query parameters to provide those properties. For example:

```
GET http://localhost:<daprPort>/v1.0/secrets/<secret-store-name>/<name>?metadata.version_id=15
```

Observe that not all secret stores support the same set of parameters. For example:

> - Hashicorp Vault, GCP Secret Manager, and AWS Secret Manager support the `version_id` parameter

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Hashicorp Vault, GCP Secret Manager and AWS Secret Manager support the `version_id` parameter
```

### Examples

```shell
curl http://localhost:3500/v1.0/secrets/vault/db-secret
curl http://localhost:3500/v1.0/secrets/mySecretStore/db-secret
```

```shell
curl http://localhost:3500/v1.0/secrets/vault/db-secret?metadata.version_id=15&metadata.version_stage=AAA
```

> > Note, in case of deploying into namespace other than  default, the above query will also have to include the namespace metadata (e.g. `production` below)

Author: TBH, I am completely confused by what was the original intent of this comment. This request doesn't work on vault or k8s secrets AFAIK as neither support `stage_version` . It would work on AWS but then it doesn't support `namespace` query parameter so this whole namespace comment makes no sense. Instead of trying to make sense  of this comment or make it about a hypothetical secret store, I preferred to simply remove it.
